src/pages/blog/railsconf-2019-final-thoughts.md, before:

---
path: '/blog/@eduarmreyes-at-railsconf-2019-my-thoughts'
title: 'My thoughts about RailsConf 2019'
date: 2019-05-05T14:32:32.779Z
image: './images/freestocks-org-139132-unsplash.jpg'
featured: false
draft: false
thanks: 'Photo by freestocks.org on Unsplash'
---

## I attended RailsConf 2019

Hi all, my employer allowed me to attend RailsConf 2019 in Minneapolis, when I received the
news I was astonished by the fact that this were going to be my first ever opportunity to
attend a Conf.

The travel from FL to MN was smooth as it could be, it was also my first domestical travel
by plane which allow me to experience how the process goes, it's different from international
travels which was what I have been used to quite a while.

Anyways, when I landed to Minneapolis, everything went nice, I had one day free which I used to
rest and walk around to get an idea how is the city, which by the way it is beautiful, full of nice
working people and many things to do in public parks or sport events.

## RailsConf started

On May 2nd, the conference started, no other way to do so but to hear a lecture from [@dhh](https://twitter.com/dhh)
which welcomed us and motivated us to think and do differently involving new rubyist (like me) to
the community.

Just so you know, if you go to a Conference it is pretty much impossible to attend all the talks
that are going one because most of them are at the same time, fortunately people in charge of those
Confs know this and either live stream the talks or record them, this year's Confreaks were in charge
or recording and publishing the talks, here's the whole first day of RailsConf on YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1JOA6pUwgBw

[@dhh](https://twitter.com/dhh) talked about the paradigm of Open Source and Proprietary Software, a
nice talk to get an idea of what is going on in terms of how Software is used in a culture.

Commit message:

Add reading time on all posts

src/pages/blog/railsconf-2019-final-thoughts.md, after:

---
path: '/blog/@eduarmreyes-at-railsconf-2019-my-thoughts'
title: 'My thoughts about RailsConf 2019'
date: 2019-05-05T14:32:32.779Z
image: './images/freestocks-org-139132-unsplash.jpg'
featured: false
draft: false
thanks: 'Photo by freestocks.org on Unsplash'
reading_time: '1 min 9 sec'
---

## I attended RailsConf 2019

Hi all, my employer allowed me to attend RailsConf 2019 in Minneapolis when I received the
news I was astonished by the fact that this was going to be my first ever opportunity to
attend a Conf.

The travel from FL to MN was smooth as it could be, it was also my first domestic travel
by plane which allows me to experience how the process goes, it's different from international
travels which were what I have been used to quite a while.

Anyways, when I landed in Minneapolis, everything went nice, I had one day free which I used to
rest and walk around to get an idea how is the city, which by the way it is beautiful, full of nice
working people and many things to do in public parks or sports events.

## RailsConf started

On May 2nd, the conference started, no other way to do so but to hear a lecture from [@dhh](https://twitter.com/dhh)
which welcomed us and motivated us to think and do differently involving new Rubyist (like me) to
the community.

Just so you know, if you go to a Conference it is pretty much impossible to attend all the talks
that are going one because most of them are at the same time, fortunately, people in charge of those
Confs know this and either live stream the talks or record them, this year's Confreaks were in charge
or recording and publishing the talks here's the whole first day of RailsConf on YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1JOA6pUwgBw

[@dhh](https://twitter.com/dhh) talked about the paradigm of Open Source and Proprietary Software, a
nice talk to get an idea of what is going on in terms of how Software is used in a culture.
