src/pages/blog/what-have-i-been-doing-amid-these-times.md, before:

---
path: '/blog/what-have-i-been-doing-amid-these-times'
title: 'What have I been doing amid these times?'
date: 2020-04-19T20:15:22.720Z
image: './images/sincerely-media-zw8t5aMmJQQ-unsplash.jpg'
featured: true
draft: false
thanks: 'Photo by Sincerely Media on Unsplash'
---

## Content

During these hard times I have been working from home, as many of my friends and
part of my family. Days go by and I find myself looking at graphs and listening
to interviews and experts talking about many different topics, all of them
related to this pandemic we are facing.

It so happened that in my country - El Salvador - the decisions were taken surprisingly
early and well, we went to complete lockdown early in March and we have been pretty much
in something close to a shellter in place for everybody that works in a non-essential
workplace setting.

My family has been not impacted directly so far and we are all trying our best to follow
all the recommendations, all these means I am blessed to be able to work with no
extra pressure. So, all in all, I can say I am doing fine; so much so that I decided 
I wanted to do something about all these and volunteer my work and time on a movement
called [El Salvador Conectado](https://elsalvadorconectado.org).

Also, my brother and I are working on finding clients to our business called
[DevDat](devdat.io) in an effort to create our own business.

In terms of working from home, I have more than 2 years of experience working from home.
I can say confidently that I have all my workplace setup, I know the needs of working at
home, I understand the caveats of it, although, it is obvious the environment and the 
situation is far from ideal to be productive.

## Conclusion

I am doing fine, family and work are in place, things are of course weird and hard but really
right now all that matters is for us to get out of this one healthy. Maybe with one
or two projects in progress, with a new idea or a pivot from an existing one.

Commit message:

Add reading time on all posts

src/pages/blog/what-have-i-been-doing-amid-these-times.md, after:

---
path: '/blog/what-have-i-been-doing-amid-these-times'
title: 'What have I been doing amid these times?'
date: 2020-04-19T20:15:22.720Z
image: './images/sincerely-media-zw8t5aMmJQQ-unsplash.jpg'
featured: true
draft: false
thanks: 'Photo by Sincerely Media on Unsplash'
reading_time: '1 min 13 sec'
---

## Content

During these hard times, I have been working from home, as many of my friends and
part of my family. Days go by and I find myself looking at graphs and listening
to interviews and experts talking about many different topics, all of them
related to this pandemic we are facing.

It so happened that in my country - El Salvador - the decisions were taken surprisingly
early and well, we went to complete lockdown early in March and we have been pretty much
in something close to shelter in place for everybody that works in a non-essential
workplace setting.

My family has been not impacted directly so far and we are all trying our best to follow
all the recommendations, all these means I am blessed to be able to work with no
extra pressure. So, all in all, I can say I am doing fine; so much so that I decided
I wanted to do something about all these and volunteer my work and time on a movement
called [El Salvador Conectado](https://elsalvadorconectado.org).

Also, my brother and I are working on finding clients to our business called
[DevDat](devdat.io) to create our own business.

In terms of working from home, I have more than 2 years of experience working from home.
I can say confidently that I have all my workplace setup, I know the needs of working at
home, I understand the caveats of it, although, it is obvious the environment and the situation is far from ideal to be productive.

## Conclusion

I am doing fine, family and work are in place, things are of course weird and hard but
right now all that matters is for us to get out of this one healthy. Maybe with one
or two projects in progress, with a new idea or a pivot from an existing one.
